# MSDA_PROJECT_1
The file "STUDENT DATABASE PROJECT.docx" contains all the project requirements details, along with the statements used. Please read this document first. 

Here is the files content description

"STUDENT DATABASE PROJECT.docx" - Project documentation, along with the Code used. Please read this first. 

"Parse_Income_levels.R.txt" - This is an R Program to parse data from a website (http://www.iawp.org/joiniawp/countrylist.htm) to gather per-capita information of various countries, to satisfy one of the business requirements. This program produces a file called "income_levels.csv". You may either use this program to produce this file or directly use the file "income_levels.csv", which is present in the current git directory. But note that you will have to modify the COPY Command to specify the file location to load the "income_levels.csv" file to the table COUNTRY_INCOME_CLASSIFICATION. Please read the document "STUDENT DATABASE PROJECT.docx" for more information.  

"Project_1 DDL.txt" - Contains the same information as "STUDENT DATABASE PROJECT.docx", but in pure text form. Please note that you cannot execute all the SQL Statements present in this document or in the document "STUDENT DATABASE PROJECT.docx", UNLESS you correctly specify the file location of "income_levels.csv" in the COPY Statement, to load the "income_levels.csv" data into COUNTRY_INCOME_CLASSIFICATION table. You will also have to change the file's permission on the file "income_levels.csv". Again, please refer page-7 on the document "STUDENT DATABASE PROJECT.docx" for how to change the file permissions.         

"income_levels.csv" - File which gets generated by the R Program "Parse_Income_levels.R.txt". You have to copy this file to a directory, and mention that file's location in the copy command. The file permissions also have to be changed, before executing the COPY command, to load the file's contents to the table COUNTRY_INCOME_CLASSIFICATION.     

"student Database Design.pdf" - This is Logical and Physical database design document.

"Student_Application.html" - This is web interface (mock) for a prospective student to create a student profile.

"application_submission" - This is a web page that will be displayed, whenever a student creates a student profile. This is also a mock screen.

MSDA PROJECT 1
